README.md, before:

# Debussy's oeuvre for piano

Delicious dataset

Command for creating pitch class vectors: `python slices.py -q 1 -p pc --normalize -o pcvs`


# Overview
|         file_name          |measures|labels|standard|annotators|reviewers|
|----------------------------|-------:|-----:|--------|----------|---------|
|MIDIl087-03_images_quelques |     186|     0|        |          |         |
|l000_etude                  |      71|     0|        |          |         |
|l000_soirs                  |      23|     0|        |          |         |
|l009_danse                  |      92|     0|        |          |         |
|l067_mazurka                |     138|     0|        |          |         |
|l068_reverie                |     101|     0|        |          |         |
|l069_tarentelle             |     333|     0|        |          |         |
|l070_ballade                |     105|     0|        |          |         |
|l071_valse                  |     151|     0|        |          |         |
|l082_nocturne               |      77|     0|        |          |         |
|l087-01_images_lent         |      57|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-01_pour_prelude        |     163|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-02_pour_sarabande      |      72|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-03_pour_toccata        |     266|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-01_estampes_pagode     |      98|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-02_estampes_soiree     |     136|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-03_estampes_jardins    |     157|     0|        |          |         |
|l106_isle                   |     255|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-01_images_reflets      |      95|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-02_images_hommage      |      76|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-03_images_mouvement    |     177|     0|        |          |         |
|l111-02_images_lune         |      57|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-01_childrens_doctor    |      76|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-02_childrens_jimbos    |      81|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-03_childrens_serenade  |     124|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-05_childrens_golliwoggs|     128|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-05_childrens_little    |      31|     0|        |          |         |
|l114_petit                  |      87|     0|        |          |         |
|l115_hommage                |     118|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-02_preludes_voiles     |      64|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-03_preludes_vent       |      59|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-04_preludes_sons       |      53|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-05_preludes_collines   |      96|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-06_preludes_pas        |      36|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-07_preludes_ce         |      70|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-08_preludes_fille      |      39|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-09_preludes_serenade   |     137|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-10_preludes_cathedrale |      89|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-12_preludes_minstrels  |      89|     0|        |          |         |
|l121_plus                   |     148|     0|        |          |         |
|l132_berceuse               |      68|     0|        |          |         |
|l133_page                   |      38|     0|        |          |         |
|l136-01_etudes_cinq         |     116|     0|        |          |         |
|l138_elegie                 |      21|     0|        |          |         |

Commit message:

including grace notes in the PCVs by halving their absolute durations

README.md, after:

# Debussy's oeuvre for piano

Delicious dataset

Command for creating pitch class vectors: `python slices.py -q 1 -p pc -w 0.5 --normalize -o pcvs
` where `-q 1` means slices of length 1 quarter, `-p pc` using pitch classes 0..11, `-w 0.5`
weighting grace notes by half of their durations, and `-o pcvs` the output directory.


# Overview
|         file_name          |measures|labels|standard|annotators|reviewers|
|----------------------------|-------:|-----:|--------|----------|---------|
|MIDIl087-03_images_quelques |     186|     0|        |          |         |
|l000_etude                  |      71|     0|        |          |         |
|l000_soirs                  |      23|     0|        |          |         |
|l009_danse                  |      92|     0|        |          |         |
|l067_mazurka                |     138|     0|        |          |         |
|l068_reverie                |     101|     0|        |          |         |
|l069_tarentelle             |     333|     0|        |          |         |
|l070_ballade                |     105|     0|        |          |         |
|l071_valse                  |     151|     0|        |          |         |
|l082_nocturne               |      77|     0|        |          |         |
|l087-01_images_lent         |      57|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-01_pour_prelude        |     163|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-02_pour_sarabande      |      72|     0|        |          |         |
|l095-03_pour_toccata        |     266|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-01_estampes_pagode     |      98|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-02_estampes_soiree     |     136|     0|        |          |         |
|l100-03_estampes_jardins    |     157|     0|        |          |         |
|l106_isle                   |     255|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-01_images_reflets      |      95|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-02_images_hommage      |      76|     0|        |          |         |
|l110-03_images_mouvement    |     177|     0|        |          |         |
|l111-02_images_lune         |      57|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-01_childrens_doctor    |      76|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-02_childrens_jimbos    |      81|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-03_childrens_serenade  |     124|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-05_childrens_golliwoggs|     128|     0|        |          |         |
|l113-05_childrens_little    |      31|     0|        |          |         |
|l114_petit                  |      87|     0|        |          |         |
|l115_hommage                |     118|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-02_preludes_voiles     |      64|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-03_preludes_vent       |      59|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-04_preludes_sons       |      53|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-05_preludes_collines   |      96|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-06_preludes_pas        |      36|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-07_preludes_ce         |      70|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-08_preludes_fille      |      39|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-09_preludes_serenade   |     137|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-10_preludes_cathedrale |      89|     0|        |          |         |
|l117-12_preludes_minstrels  |      89|     0|        |          |         |
|l121_plus                   |     148|     0|        |          |         |
|l132_berceuse               |      68|     0|        |          |         |
|l133_page                   |      38|     0|        |          |         |
|l136-01_etudes_cinq         |     116|     0|        |          |         |
|l138_elegie                 |      21|     0|        |          |         |
